hey guys welcome back to my channel so I
have a super awaited video for both you
and me today girl it has been a whole 30
days on my Hairfinity vitamin so of
course this is like a super trendy fab
right now um as you guys know Hairfinity
hair burst all these vitamins are just
all over the internet and knowing me I
could not resist because mmm
of course I'm trying to grow my hair
grow cut grow cut started my life it's a
problem but stuff like this draws us in
with the media and everything so I was
super drawn to it obviously and I tried
it 30 days I bought it myself this is
not sponsored I'm gonna give you a full
honest opinion on it so as you guys can
see I have one pill left um oddly enough
it came in like an odd number and it's
you're supposed to take two a day I
don't know what happened so let me just
give you a brief little background on
the pill before I get into my results so
it comes with the pills and then a
little pamphlet here this is from Brock
Beauty there the suppliers of it I
believe this cost $24 without shipping I
think that's what it was but the results
are like crazy if you guys have seen the
website their Instagram account like
it's all over the place and it's just
crazy these amazing results so the
purpose they study this has a
proprietary blend of rolling faster hair
growth supporting thicker hair and
reducing shedding promoting softer more
manageable hair it bottom line just has
a ton of vitamins a ton a ton of
vitamins make your hair stronger
healthier shinier blah blah blah
if you're curious what's in it I'll read
it off we have vitamin A vitamin C
calcium vitamin d3 b1 b2 b3 b6 folic
acid b12 biotin of course AHA
pantothenic acid Kapil sana MSM
hydrolyzed collagen horse tail I did not
read that before and I believe that is
all that I read but the bottom line is I
had really good luck with this
honestly 30 days I'm just gonna say this
straight up my hair
not real fast my hair takes forever I
don't know if it's because I've damaged
the crap out of it I don't know if it's
because I've over processed it I
personally don't think that should
affect hair growth but I know it has the
potential to at some point I wanted my
hair to grow faster and it has grown so
much faster guys it is curly right now
and it literally looks the same length
as a month ago when it was like
straightened if not longer so I have a
picture of my hair from one month ago
before I started here Finiti that i will
insert right now
as you can see the difference is pretty
strong especially because my hair is
curly right now as you can see when I
pull it down flat it comes to about here
which is really really impressive and
look at my roots that is what does it
all for me I have like a solid inch or
inch and a half of new growth coming in
on my hair I didn't want to highlight my
hair during this because it was kind of
a good little tell for me on how it
would work and kind of like look at my
growth I didn't have that much growth
when I started this I had piloted it
fairly recently before I started the
pills honestly I feel like my hair grew
a solid three-quarters to an inch in the
30-day period and typically my hair
grows between a quarter and a half so it
about doubled my hair growth I posted a
picture on my Instagram like a week ago
and I was kind of just realizing like
wow it's like it's working and I was
very very consistent about taking these
I took them every day I had a reminder
in my phone I was very very consistent I
still don't understand why I have one in
here I don't know but of course for the
cost you know I feel like it was worth
it and I feel like I kind of want to
repurchase them kind of tempting but I'm
not sure a lot of people had said that
prenatals were comparable or just buying
those hair skin and nail vitamins that
have similar ingredients but I'm not
sure if they have all of these so I'm
gonna kind of look around and see what's
comparable to this but vitamins are
expensive as it is for like an extra ten
dollars it might be worth it to buy the
Hairfinity as for my hair shedding less
you know what my hair has never really
been huge into shedding before so it's
not very comparable for me honestly I'm
not gonna lie about that my hair has
never been shitty so that I will say I
mean it still doesn't shed so it didn't
make it any worse I know a lot of this
was saying that it would like strengthen
your hair and by strengthening it and
reducing the shedding it helped it
appear stronger and longer and healthier
I would say that this also I think made
my nails grow really fast I don't know
if it was just in my head because I was
thinking it but I feel like I had to
clip my nails a ton this month um maybe
it's from the biotin in it I am Not sure
but I feel like it really did make
everything like grow like really
as for like softer hair I think if you
have damaged over processed hair like
myself it's not just gonna magically
dive into your hair cuticle and just
magically fix all your problems that's
something you would need more of like a
conditioning treatment for but I did buy
a product that I had featured in my last
monthly favorites video that helped
tremendously with my hair from Sally's
it's the a pH og fo G I don't know you
want to watch that in the favourites
video I'll link it down below but I
bought this carrot and leave-in
treatment mask that really really really
helped my damaged fried ends of hair
that have been over processed to the
point of death so I recommend if you
take this and you have over processed
hair combine it with like a keratin mask
or just a really deep conditioning and
penetrating hair mask and your results
will just be phenomenal I have not seen
anyone put out negative reviews on this
yet but I don't know I'm just being
honest here because I really did painful
as myself and I was kind of prepared to
just like on it because I really
wasn't sure if it was going to work I
don't really typically believe in these
kind of things but I of course I like to
try them because you know that's just me
but I'm overly surprised at the results
even my mom noticed the other day and
she's so against these kind of things
she thinks they're all gimmicks but she
was like al I say your hair looks a lot
longer and it really does like it went
from looking like a short bob to almost
like a medium length and that's a really
big deal especially because it's curly
like I should have straightened it I'm
sorry but I just felt a different video
and I need to curl it but yeah it's
super long I feel like it definitely
grew a lot over the past 30 days some
people have told me that your hair does
crazy things after you get off of the
vitamin I don't know because I just
stopped taking it today I literally took
my last set this morning and I was super
stoked because I was dying to film it
for you guys but if I have any weird
aftermath I will absolutely put up
another video and be like guys shit's
getting crazy but I'm hopeful that that
won't happen because I just I don't know
this was very very pleasantly surprising
I'm
gonna lie that is my review of
Hairfinity guys if you have any
questions let me know comment down below
or send me a tweet on Twitter I'll get
back to you I will put the Hairfinity
buying site down below again this was
not sponsored totally bought it by
myself I wanted to give you guys an
honest opinion and it just so happened
to really work well for me so again if
you want to give it a try
worth the shot you know and these kind
of things are just fun to try as girls I
love trying these kind of things if you
have any other lovely hair things that
you want me to try and do a review for
you and comment them down below anyway
guys I hope you enjoyed this review
again I love you guys so much please
subscribe if you haven't already and I
will see you next time
bye guys